As meeting places go.
this spot suits you.
You may try to hide it.
but you've got as much of a
flair for the dramatic as I do.
See?
You
have it? All of it.
Your information was right.
Dante is the son of Sparda.
His necklace fit very nicely
with the one you gave me.
I held up my end.
All I need now is
the final piece.
As promised.
Uh-huh…
Well. I'd say
that's good enough.
The blood of Sparda's other son.
You never know what will
turn up in this realm.
It takes both brothers
to destroy the barrier.
Oh. don't worry. I'm already
working on completing the set.
This sword…
Far too great a power for
one like you to wield.
Maybe so.
But seeing as I'm about to use that power
to undo the historic crime of its maker
and free every Makaian
from our bondage.
how about I hold
onto it for a while?
I know who you are.
There's only one way you could have
gotten the amulet piece and this blood.
Prepare yourselves!
Dante's coming.
["Rollin'"
♪ Your… your… your hands up ♪
♪ Throw your hands up
Throw your hands up ♪
♪ Move in. now move out
Hands up. now hands down ♪
♪ Back up. back up Tell me
what you're gonna do now ♪
♪ Breathe in. now breathe out
Hands up. now hands down ♪
♪ Back up. back up Tell me
what you're gonna do now ♪
♪ Keep rollin'. rollin'
Rollin'. rollin' ♪
♪ Hey. ladies. hey. fellas ♪
♪ And the people that
don't give a ♪♪♪♪ ♪
♪ All the lovers.
all the haters ♪
♪ And all the people That
call themselves players ♪
♪ Hot mommas. pimp daddies ♪
♪ And the people
rollin' up in Caddies ♪
♪ Hey. rockers. hip-hoppers ♪
♪ And everybody all
around the world ♪
♪ Move in. now move out
Hands up. now hands down ♪
♪ Back up. back up Tell me
what you're gonna do now ♪
♪ Breathe in. now breathe out
Hands up. now hands down ♪
♪ Back up. back up Tell me
what you're gonna do now ♪
♪ Keep rollin' Rollin'.
rollin'. rollin' ♪
You threw me through
a fucking window!
In a dashing act of heroics that
saved you from certain death.
That part seems important.
Spare me the jack-off session.
I would have got out on my…
Lady.
I know. They're gone.
Not just my people.
His too.
He'll stack as many corpses as he
needs to prop the door to Hell open.
Where are you going?
To stop the Rabbit and beat little
pellets of shit down his leg.
No. He told
me to come alone.
And you're actually
gonna listen to him?
Before today. maybe I tried
not to think about it.
Because if I had the idea of having
anything in common with a demon…
When it was their kind who…
But Sparda. he was different.
Him being my father.
I thought the demon side of
me would be different too.
Then it came out.
Turning demon showed me
what my power really is.
Forced me to feel the rage
and hatred that feeds it.
Rage and hatred?
Sounds about right.
Sparda. my dad. he must
have felt the same thing.
But he found a way to fight it.
to turn his power back against
the darkness it came from.
He created the wall that
protects this world.
It was his amulet my mom
gave me to keep safe.
Now the Rabbit is about
to use that amulet
to tear the wall to pieces and
let all of Hell walk through.
I have to be the
one who stops him.
Yeah. fuck that.
You shot my leg!
Why would you shoot my leg?
As a courtesy.
Otherwise. it would have
been between your eyes.
I mean. seriously?
Your blood is the exact
fucking thing the Rabbit needs
to jumpstart his apocalypse.
you demonic dumbass.
And this isn't about your dad.
It's about whatever fucked up vendetta
the Rabbit has against DARKCOM.
Which means it's my fight.
Ah. well that makes
me feel way better!
I'm going in myself.
♪ You're my pretty baby ♪
♪ I'll make your legs shake
You make me go crazy ♪
♪ Come my lady.
come. come my lady ♪
♪ You're my butterfly.
sugar baby ♪
Hey baby. you need a ride?
Because I definitely need
you to ride this dick...
Out
of the car. now!
♪ Come and dance with me
Come and dance with me ♪
♪ Uh-huh. uh-huh ♪
♪ Come and dance with me
Come and dance with me ♪
I did everything you
asked. We're done.
You did.
An obedient soldier.
through and through.
Unfortunately. I've hit
a snag in my final plan.
Steady!
The traitor's spawn
is almost here.
Remember. you just
have to land one blow.
He'll come.
Hmm.
- We attack now.
- Wait!
He will come.
Bloodstryke!
Sorry. it's not personal.
Who'd you expect?
Some dickhead in a musty
leather trench coat?
Arkham.
Nice trade.
But you're out of cars.
And I've got a
lot more warriors.
Lucky for them.
I'm here to negotiate.
With what. exactly?
Dante's life.
I press this button.
and the most irritating
member of both our species
gets turned to a fucking cinder.
Might be hard to take a DNA
sample from him after that.
I see.
So. in exchange for not
eradicating my blood supply.
you want me to call
off the attack.
And give me the amulet.
How do you fit those balls
in that skintight uniform?
Laugh your fucking
cottonpuff tail off.
but if Dante burns.
his blood is gone.
Forever.
You put these demons
through torture.
fucked with their genetic
codes. all for your cause.
You should take the deal to keep
the hope for the cause alive.
Unless you have another
agenda they should know about.
Take it.
A pleasure. as always.
Aren't you forgetting something?
If this wasn't just a bluff.
if you really had Dante
locked up somewhere.
you would have incinerated him
the second I gave you that.
Don't tell me you've grown
fond of the half-breed.
Not fucking likely.
♪ So come and dance
with me. uh-huh ♪
♪ Come my lady ♪
♪ You're my butterfly. sugar… ♪
Kill her.
Anyone else?
All right. everyone else.
A formula I developed based
on Echidna's natural toxin.
It won't kill you. only
paralyze you for a while.
All of my warriors'
blades are doused with it.
It'll give us plenty of time to
extract Dante's blood from him.
We just have to land one blow.
I do regret that you won't
be getting what you deserve.
since you'll feel
no pain as you die.
Oh. well.
Yeah. and I've
got some bad news.
You didn't get that callback for
the Chuck E. Cheese band auditions.
Dante! You made it.
Before we start.
let me at least show you
what you're fighting for.
Is that…?
Your father's homeland.
where Mundus. the king who had
your family murdered. still rules.
Fitting of Fate's dark humor.
it was Mundus who gained
the most from Sparda's wall.
It has allowed him to bleed dry
a captive. terrorized populace.
while she and the rest
of her DARKCOM barbarians
ensure Paradise stays sealed
off for their own kind.
They and Mundus are two sides
of the same blood-stained coin.
I'm sorry. but Paradise?
You call this world Paradise?
Compared to my world. yes.
Come with me and
see for yourself.
Your dad was a brave warrior.
But wherever he is.
I know he's still
fighting to keep us safe.
Anyone touches her in this world.
then you'll die in that one.
Hands off the lieutenant!
That's an order.
A scorched earth. and
air turned to poison.
Centuries' worth of devastation.
wrought by tyrants who make sapien
stories of the devil seem quaint.
Look and see your father's
wall for what it is.
An artificial construct raised
by a man with immense power
to do what all such
constructs are designed to do.
Keep the powerless
in their place.
I created this device
to detect and prolong
the random tears that
naturally appear in the wall.
It's let me save
handfuls of refugees.
But with Makai's
air in your lungs.
you can understand that
will never be enough.
The only true answer is to
let all Makaians cross over.
Now. the wall must be destroyed.
You're… You're
talking about genocide.
If every demon can
cross into this world.
humans won't stand a chance.
Millions will die.
You aren't listening.
Millions already die.
Yes. with the wall gone.
the monsters of Makai will come
through along with the oppressed.
But in its wake.
the worlds will reach a
new. rebalanced equilibrium.
What's the sacrifice of a
generation or two if it means
ending suffering for
those who come after?
You can right your
father's injustice. Dante.
It takes only a
drop of your blood.
My father was a hero.
And how would you know that?
All the deep. meaningful
moments you had together?
Don't… Don't be a fucking idiot!
Do I have to shoot you again?
She makes a compelling point.
I'm gonna have to go with
the not-murdering-all-of-humanity
side on this one.
Then I guess we'll have to get
your blood out the traditional way!
Careful. their
blades are poisoned!
Good thing none of them
are gonna touch me then.
Let's rock.
Son of Sparda.
Son of… a really ugly guy
with a weird thing for bats?
Commander!
Harsh. but fair.
You'll fight better this way.
A drop of blood! I
just need a drop!
So. how come none of you guys get cool
Alice in Wonderland-themed identities?
I bet you'd really fill out
a nice Queen of Hearts dress!
Hmm?
Lady!
Go! I can handle the sapien.
It appears the dosage
wasn't quite strong enough.
but let's focus on the positive.
Maybe you will get to feel the
cold grip of death take you!
You're so full of shit.
I saw your DARKCOM hate shrine.
That's what you really care about.
If you were fighting for the oppressed.
you wouldn't be holding them prisoner.
I feel every bit of pain
that I cause for my people.
But how much crueler a fate would
they have met at your hands?
I adopted the methods I was forced
to by an enemy willing to do worse.
DARKCOM isn't abusing orphans
to turn them into brainwashed soldiers.
Really?
Is that not how you
would describe yourself?
Why did you think
DARKCOM recruited you?
Only those who have lost all
connection to their world
are truly free to fight
for a different one.
It is no coincidence that our
whole little unholy trinity
had our families taken from us.
Dante. you and I.
I am your masterpiece.
Lieutenant Arkham.
♪ I'm all out of tears to cry ♪
♪ Today. I'm not
afraid to die… ♪
That's impossible.
You survived.
You die here. in our world.
You and
your team left me crippled.
barely able to
keep myself alive.
Now I require a
constant transfusion
of this cocktail of demon blood
with its healing abilities
to buy myself the time I need
to destroy every piece of architecture
of injustice that killed my family.
We didn't do… this.
You were trying to
help demons that night.
but now…
I should have known you
were human from the start.
Your brand of pure.
psychotic ruthlessness?
That's all humanity.
On that. we agree.
How does this thing work?
Uh…
Do you just…
Whoo! That was crazy! Too bad
your eyes weren't here to see it.
One
way or another.
you are going to bleed.
You're human.
You were
never a demon at all.
Just a man wearing a screwed-up bunny mask
to hide an even more screwed-up human face
that has a bunch of weird
tubes sticking out of it.
To be fair. I can see why
no one considered that.
I gave you the
chance to end this.
I want you to remember that.
When what will
happen next happens.
I want you to remember…
that you could have stopped it.
What do you me...
I guess you got your mom's
necklace back after all.
Yeah.
Hey. Dante!
Your buddy Enzo brought
the cavalry for ya! Ha!
I mean. they actually brought
me as a prisoner. but in spirit!
Huh?
What the hell happened here?
Our first strike
in the Holy War.
The first of many to come.
♪ Bless me ♪
♪ With the leaf
off of the tree ♪
♪ On it. I see ♪
♪ The freedom reign ♪
♪ We are falling ♪
♪ The light is calling ♪
♪ Tears inside me ♪
♪ Calm me down ♪
♪ Midnight calling ♪
♪ Mist of resolving ♪
♪ Crown me ♪
♪ With the pure. green leaf ♪
♪ Praise to my father ♪
♪ Blessed by the water ♪
♪ Black light. dark sky ♪
IN MEMORY OF KEVIN
CONROY
♪ The devil's cry ♪